Isn't it just money? I gave it to her.
You give it to her.
How much does she pay for the higher amount? I'll pay it back for her. five hundred?
I'm five hundred.
A dollar is as high as five hundred dollars.
I don’t understand bullying other little girls.
Her black-hearted boss is too outrageous.
It's so high, so expensive.
How expensive is it? I sell this fragrance all the time.
It’s hard to sell for a high price.
Sometimes you need to find your own reasons.
The company has not grown over the years.
Stop, stop talking, hurry up.
That's pretty much it.
Little girl, little girl.
Uncle, it's okay. Just give it to me.
I want to ask if I can have another piece
Eat another piece
Then I'm going to keep you as a mortgage boss.
You see, I gave you so much money
Can you give me another piece of bank?
Look, you little girl is quite sensible.
Give you another piece
Just one piece
Then I'll cut it and give it to you, boss.
what are you doing